So let us look to secure user and application access in securing our application and user access.
We have an architectural need from our beloved business, which is the cafe.
The café needs to define what level of access users and system should have across cloud resources,
and then they want to put these access controls into place across the AWB account.
In this class you will learn how to use AM, which provides the feature that you need to meet these
in new business required.
When you first create an individual's account, you begin with a root user account and this user can
log in to a previous management console with the email address of yours, and also it will be associated
with your credit card and billing information.
The Adrian's account root root user account has a full access to all resources, including billing information,
personal data and or resources that were created in any RWC service.
In that account, you can control the privileges of a driver's account route user.
The credentials Israelis is recommending you that you not to use it as a route account for day to day
interaction with us.
Instead you need to create one or more.
Iam users keep the route user credentials in a secure location which can make it more difficult for
accessing the fully privileged route account user.
So let us look now to an individual's identity and access management service.
It is a service that allows you to configure fine grained access control to AWG resources.
It will enable security visitor practices by allowing you to grant a unique security credentials to
users and the groups.
These are credentials to specify which address service, application programming interface and the resources
that they can use.
I am is secure by default.
Users have no access to resources until permissions are explicitly granted.
I am is integrated into most your services.
Remember that the IAM service is a global, so anything you do at the IAM level will be implemented
across all NWC regions.
You can use.
I am to grant your employee and your application access to the management console or to the API using
their existing identity system.
So now just recently a separate federation from corporate systems like Microsoft Active Directory or
a standards based identity provider.
And these are very important for you guys to remember in the exam.
I am also support multi-factor authentication.
If MFA enabled the IAM user, once he attempts to log in, they will be prompted for another indication
code and that authentication code is delivered to an NWS multi-factor authentication device.
Those devices can be hardware like an MFA device.
They can also be virtual MFA devices that the user accesses through the application that runs in their
smartphone, such as Google Authenticator.
To better understand IAM, we need to understand the major components that we have in I am I am user
is a person or application that is defined in the IWC account and that must make an API call to IWC
products.
Amie Group is a collection of emus and you can use IAM group to simplify how you specify and manage
permissions for multiple users.
If you have a group of admin user, you can create the same permission and you assign that permission
to the admin a group and that admin group.
Each member of that group will be inherited those permission.
The IAM policy is a document that defines permissions to determine with what user can do and cannot
do in the alias account.
IAM role is a tool for granting and improve the access to a specific address resources in an account
and we will have more examples studying the IAM role and how we can use an easy to profile to access
a specific service via the role in IAM.
Permissions are defined in IAM policy document.
Those policies enable you to finetune a privilege that are granted to principals.
Those principles must be or could be iam users, IAM roles or other AWG services.
When I am check whether a provision is allowed, I am first check for the existing.
Sins of any application.
Explicit denying policy is there is no deny.
They will check whether there is an explicit permission specified with allow policy.
If there is no explicit allow policy exist, then the user will be denied by default.
If there is an allow policy specified, then the user will be allowed to access that resources.
You could also test those policy using the tool in the risk management console which called I am policy
simulator.
It is a useful tool for testing and troubleshooting an AM policies.
Remember the policy in I am are stored as a JavaScript object notation or Jason and they are attached
to principles as an identity based policy or to resources as a resource based policies.
Identity based policies are permission policies that you can attach to a principal or to identity such
as and IM user role or a group.
These policies control what action that identity can perform on which resources and under what conditions.
So normally that I am identity based policy, we attach them to a user who wants to access a specific
service like for example, symbol notification service.
But if we have a necessary bucket and we want to allow public access to that asset, three buckets.
For example, we host our website there.
So we want to grant read public access for anyone wants to visit the website.
Then in this particular scenario, we want to grant a resource based policy that you attach to a city
bucket.
In this scenario, those policies control which actions are specified principle can perform on that
resource and under what condition resource based policies are.
Inline policy in line means they are no manage resources based policy.
Here an example of I am policy which is is stored as a decent document and those identity based policy
are a document that you attach to a user or to Oracle.
A resource based policy are policy documents that you attach to a resource.
The following are common elements found in the I Am policy document.
We have the version which is specifically the version of the policy language that you want to use.
And by the way, most students make a mistake by changing this version in the coming lap, but you need
to keep it as it is the statement.
So because this version is not the date of today, guys, this is a version for the interrupter that
will interrupt the JSON object.
The statements use the main policy element as a container for the following elements that affect whether
it is allow or denied to indicate whether the policy should specify and allow policy or to deny policy
the principle.
Now, if you create a resource based policy, you must indicate the account or the user or the federated
user that you would like to allow or to deny access to.
Now, if you are creating an I am permission policy to attach to a user or to a role, you cannot include
this statement.
You don't need to have a principle because the principle is implied as that user or role.
Now in actions, you include a list of action that the policy allows or denies the resource.
Now, if you if you create an impaired emission policy, you must specify a list of resources to which
the actions apply.
If you create a resource based policy, this element is optional.
And the condition?
No.
You can specify a circumstances where the policy grants permission for identity based policy guys.
You must specify a list of resources that the actions apply to the resource element to specify the objects
or objects that the statement cover.
And the statements must include either a resource or a not resource element.
Most resources have a friendly name.
However, the permissions policy language requires you to specify the resource or resources using the
following Amazon resource name e r RN format.
Each service has its own set of resources, although you always use an R and although you you always
use an air and to specify a resource, the details of that are and for a resource depend on the service
and the resources for information.
How to specify a resource.
You could go back to the Edelweiss document.
And for that I am service and in-line policy.
You could also use for the action part a wild card.
You can use a wild card character like Star, which represent any combinations of zero or more characters.
So the action with the star here in acid three star.
This apply to all as three action.
You can also used wild card as part of the action name.
For example, you can put AM a star access key which will applies to all I am actions that include the
string axis key, including create axis key, delete axis key list axis keys and update axis key.
So the I am policy documents auditing in Jason, the Amazon dynamic DB table whose name is represented
by the table name is going to be what the IAM policy grants user access to and also the AWG accounts
as three bucket whose name is represented by the bucket name and all objects that it contains.
The I Am policy also includes an explicit deny.
If you can see here in this example, the not resource element helps us to ensure that the user cannot
use any other dynamo DB table or another AC three actions or another S3 bucket.
So we want just to enforce them to use exactly the resources which are specified in the policy.
If this is the case, even if permissions have been granted in another policy, an explicit deny statement
takes precedence over allow statements.
You can look to this activity, guys, in order to understand a few things, and we will leave it as
an exercise for you so you can practice it later at your own time.